prompt bazel rule

takes a prompt that applies to the entire bazel module (up until the next BUILD file)

AI agents have "runs" which concern a particular "scope" which may be a particular bazel modulee

agents have access to a busybox environment with many tools available to
manipulate software.

they have access to a running postgresql instance with pg_vector

all access to systems happens through logos RPCs they call with a command line
client.

they store their own observations and notes and whatever else they want in the
vector database

they can query the vector database from the command line.

agents accumuate a journal of their thoughts and actions performed during a run. this is part of context

agents can ask the "operator" questions in the journal

unclear whether agents are permitted to change their own prompts (yet?)

use vectordb to attach tickets to everything? everything visible in teh
terminal session?

terminal UI needs to tell the agent whenever there are relevant vectordb
results for current screen contents.

use the terminal PS1? use something like a status bar?




UI for LLM:

NO: after I wrote all this I realized I was reinventing a shitty terminal.
just give the thing a terminal.

text-only interface which consists of a series of expandable/collapsable vertical regions (imagine an accordion in ncurses)

LLM can see any number of files in this way, and can expand/collapse them to move around.
LLM can see type information for all imports currently available in files being viewed
LLM can see a tree of all files available to browse
LLM can search for possible imports

LLM can see continuous build output (which is always the *entire* project's //... build, to start)

LLM can always see the hierarchy of PROMPT files concatenate at the top of the screen (shown just like the files)

need to design editing modality. possibly most natural to just append proposed changes at the bottom, with a way to
commit them to the file.


LLM works in a single git worktree

human merges from worktree to base tree?
human accepts pull requests?




